Go through output of graphify to understand this solution.

 
Need the following features implemented in Driver App :

The app should be downloadable only on providing a mobile number which will be confirmed by a OTP confirmation. 
A mail id also has to be collected before download, but it is not mandatory.
On the home page the driver Greetings for the day to be at the top of the screen.
Current overall Wallet balance to be displayed. It can go up to a max of Rs.200
On clicking the Wallet the button should allow the user to recharge or withdraw the existing amount. 
If the amount is more than minus Rs.200 , the driver app should be blocked from getting pickup calls, till he recharges it. Minimal recharge at that time has to be Rs.200. But if the driver recharges with Rs.300 then the wallet value will show as Rs.100.
Today earnings to be displayed on top. That should be displayed as a button which will have a view history option at the bottom of that button.
This button will show the history of transactions in reverse chronological order
Total incentives to be displayed on top. For example if a driver completes four calls he may be entitled to Rs.25. This slab and amount for the incentives should be configurable on the admin portal.
A section on the home page similar to the one on customer app , at the bottom of the page for sponsored ads. The ads should be displayed in horizontal order one below the other.
A welcome button to be displayed on the home page. Clicking this button should lead to another page where the actual the pop-ups for the pickup calls will be displayed for a maximum of 10 seconds. This timeframe also should be configurable on the admin portal.
The app should allow for  multiple pickup locations or multiple drop locations for a single customer.
The page which the driver sees on clicking the welcome button should have the following :
Maps which will be the one moved from the home page
Order pop-ups showing the pickup location , drop location and charges applicable.
The pick-up location should show the contact number. Touching that number the driver should be able to contact the customer.
The driver will have 10 seconds to select any task. The countdown of secons also should be clearly visible.
The driver should also have an option to skip tasks which are showing up.















